=Fun with Triples=

==Project participants==

* Antonis Loizou
* Jan Wielemaker
* Niels Ockeloen
* Rinke Hoekstra
* Victor de Boer
* Wouter Beek

=Architecture=

Android devices communicate using Bluetooth.</p>

At the beginning of the game all Android devices send a <i>start</i> command
to the server. The server returns the JSON format containing each device's
believes.

Once two Android devices are near they both send a <i>unite(D)</i>
command to the server, where <i>D</i> is the device name of the other
device.

The server stores triples related to the devices. The server starts
out with triples for each of the devices, instantiating the use case
'Einstein's Riddle' (see below).

==Use case: Einstein's Riddle==

The vocabulary for this riddle consists of five binary predicates and
25 constants in 5 categories (unary predicates that are not represented).

The subject terms are always houses; the object terms are never houses.

Houses:
* House1
* House2
* House3
* House4
* House5

Properties with their respective values:
* Color
** Blue
** Green
** Ivory
** Red 
** Yellow
* Drink
** Coffee
** Milk
** OrangeJuice
** Tea
** Water
* Person
** Englishman
** Japanese
** Norwegian
** Spaniard
** Ukrainian
* Pet
** Dog
** Fox
** Horse
** Snails
** Zebra
* Smoke
** Chesterfield
** Kools
** LuckyStrike
** OldGold
** Parliament

==Receive request==

The Android devices receive their beliefs in a 5x5x5 JSON matrix,
with the following dimensions:

Dimensions:
1. House
2. Property
3. Property value

See the previous section for the respective values.

<pre>
{
  "House1": [
    {
      "Color": "Blue",
      "Drink": "Water",
      "Person": "null",
      "Pet": "null",
      "Smoke": "null"
    }
  ],
  "House2": [
...
  ]
}
</pre>
